README.md, before:

# README

This repository contains the source files to build and deploy a multi-FHIR version of the HL7 EU Imaging Studies EHDS Implementation Guide.

- The IG source files are located in the `IG-base` directory.
- Run `./_preprocessgenerate.sh` to generate FHIR-version-specific IGs under the `igs/Rx` directory.
- The `./_preprocessgenerate.sh` process uses **Liquid tags** to insert version-specific content from the source files into the appropriate folders.

## Compiling Content

1. From the root directory, run:
   ```sh
   ./_preprocessMultiVersion.sh
   ```
2. The compiled IGs will be found in the `igs/r4` and `igs/r5` directories.
3. Run `./_updatePublisher.sh` and then `./_genonce.sh` to build each IG.

## Authoring

- Check the available Liquid tags in the `context-Rx.json` files and add any new required ones.
- Use the tags in the files to mark version-specific content.

**Examples:**

- Inline tag:
  ```liquid
  {{R5}}  <!-- This line will appear only in the r5 file. -->
  ```

- Block tag:
  ```liquid
  {% if isR4 %}
  This multi-line code snippet
  will appear only in the r4 directory.
  {% endif %}
  ```

Commit message:

Add R4/R5 link to header, removed ignored files

README.md, after:

# README

This repository contains the source files to build and deploy a multi-FHIR version of the HL7 EU Imaging Studies EHDS Implementation Guide.

- The IG source files are located in the `ig-src` directory.
- Run `./_preprocessgenerate.sh` to generate FHIR-version-specific IGs under the `igs/<rx>` directory, where the <rx> will be replaced with FHIR version.
- The `./_preprocessgenerate.sh` process uses **Liquid tags** to insert version-specific content from the source files into the appropriate folders.

## Multi-version process

Each target version is specified in the `_preprocessgenerate.sh` script in the `versions` directory. For each element in the array the script will:

1. Clean the target directory of existing content.
2. Copy relevant content from the `ig-src` directory to the target directory
3. Run liquid on each file in the target directory which is named `*.liquid.*`. The liquid file will be removed and replaced with a file that does not have liquid in its name.
4. The variables used in the liquid process are defined in the context-<Rx>.json files.

The main files on which this process is used is 

## Compiling Content

1. From the root directory, run:
   ```sh
   ./_preprocessMultiVersion.sh
   ```
2. The compiled IGs will be found in the `igs/r4` and `igs/r5` directories.
3. Run `./_updatePublisher.sh` and then `./_genonce.sh` to build each IG.

## Authoring

- Check the available Liquid tags in the `context-Rx.json` files and add any new required ones.
- Use the tags in the files to mark version-specific content.

**Examples:**

- Inline tag:
  ```liquid
  {{R5}}  <!-- This line will appear only in the r5 file. -->
  ```

- Block tag:
  ```liquid
  {% if isR4 %}
  This multi-line code snippet
  will appear only in the r4 directory.
  {% endif %}
  ```
