Radiation dose information is complex. Many details are needed for proper analysis and the summary metrics selected by the medical physicists to give them a rough understanding of a given imaging procedure differ from modality to modality. This is further complicated by different geographic regions establishing varying regulations for inclusion of this information in diagnostic reports. Such regulations do serve the purpose of raising awareness amongst patients and referring physicians of the existence of radiation dose risks in some types of imaging procedures and demonstrating a commitment to transparency, but proper analysis to assess individual patient risk, patient population risk, or to assess departmental performance in managing protocols and dose, depends on the use of detailed dose information, rather than summary metrics.

With that background in mind, the recommended data flow of radiation dose information is as follows:

* Imaging modalities that use x-rays (CT, radiography, angiography, mammography, fluoroscopy, etc) should create detailed dose data reports for each imaging procedure using the DICOM Radiation Dose Structured Report (RDSR) format and store those in the DICOM imaging study folder in the PACS when the scan is performed. This is specified in the IHE Radiation Exposure Monitoring (REM) Profile.
* Dose analysis software or workstations should retrieve RDSRs from the PACS to perform analysis as needed. This is specified in the IHE Radiation Exposure Monitoring (REM) Profile.
* Dose analysis software should create an appropriate block of radiation dose for each imaging study based on the content of the RDSR, on it’s understanding of the corresponding complexities, and potentially on configuration to reflect local reporting regulations and preferences.
* The analysis software can send the text block to the EMR in a FHIR Observation as described in the FHIR Radiation Dose Summary IG. The IG focusses on conveying the text block. Quantitative values are not prohibited, but for the reasons discussed here have the potential of encouraging quantitative assessment of incomplete information.
* IHE Radiology CP-RAD-525 (still in progress) introduces an EMR Extract Option to the IHE REM Profile that has the Dose Information Reporter essentially create a text block observation as described in the FHIR Radiation Dose Summary IG.
* The IHE IDR Phase 2 Profile describes how a FHIR Procedure Resource can be created to record the details of the image acquisition procedure, and how an Observation such as the one described in FHIR Radiation Dose Summary IG can be referenced from that Procedure. It’s useful to point out here that, as explained by medical physicists, the radiation dose metrics primarily do not reflect the radiation absorbed by the patient but rather the radiation output by the scanner, and thus are capture a characteristic of the imaging procedure.
* Report creators should incorporate the text block into reports as needed.
  * In the simplest form, the text block is appended directly into the narrative text.
  * If a FHIR Observation is desired, an observation can be created as described above. This is also described in IDR Phase II and a specific code is proposed for the dose summary text Observation.
  * To further connect the dots, the Observation can be referenced from Procedure.outcome as described in IHE Phase II since it is one of the outcomes of the imaging procedure.
